Wang Jin, are you going too far?
Mr. Cui, calm down
Don't know him in general
Come and go Mr. Cui
It's not all lawyer Tang's fault
I am also responsible
Seen clip clip
I've never seen a scissor
Cui always has something to say to me
We agreed before
My wife is not well
Hope not to disturb
You put him in intensive care?
Please explain to Mr. Cui, Mr. Tang's lawyer
I'm so sorry.
No, I didn't expect it.
But things are things
I apologize because you two are still husband and wife
Not because I was wrong
On the contrary, Mr. Cui, it is very strange that you are here today
Neither reasonable nor reasonable
What did Lawyer Tang say?
Mr. Cui as your wife's attorney
I have a right to know
Right to inquire right to defense
I have the right to ask him something
It is his right whether your wife answers or not.
It's my right to ask or not
How did you get to Mr. Cui?
I lost my basic rights as a lawyer
But we agreed before
Don't ask my wife without authorization
My agreement was not signed with you
Do you understand the law?
From now on
I hope Mr. Cui doesn't show up here again
Because you are the defendant
And I'm a defense lawyer
Lawyer Pang Pang, are you going too far?
Mr. Cui, you see that Tang Lu is still young
Don't meet him unexpectedly
I thought I would still have some face in Xuancheng
Unexpectedly, Cui is always a person who only cares about face
Tang Jie
you
Hey Mr. Chen
Tang Jie, you are deliberately angry with me, right?
I specially